[Autogenerated] All right,
let's go ahead and start diving into systems manager within the console.
We just had an overview of operations management,
which you can see here on the left side of the console.
And let's just go ahead and walk through these four different capabilities.
The first thing we have is Explorer.
Now Explore is going to allow us to quickly view ops related data in tasks.
So if I click on get started here,
it's gonna walk us through an interactive set up.
It's going to create some I am role for us,
which is a cloudwatch event role in the cloudwatch events,
or Howard generating our ops items that we want to interact with.
We can configure default rules.
So using those cloudwatch events,
AWS provides a default set that we can enable for viewing,
so we'll leave this checked.
Then we set up our data sources that are used to populate
our widgets that we're going to set up and you can see
there's several listed here, including patch compliance,
and easy to now you'll also notice that not all of them are
supported because of the business plan that I have.
So if you have a support plan of business or enterprise
that will unlock all of the features.
I'm on a basic or free support plan, so I don't get access to all of that now.
What I can do is I can also specify a tag for reporting.
We'll leave the default here and I'm gonna click on
Enable Explorer and then we go.
It's that simple.
So now, after a while, we should see some data populated.
Now we might not see it here because I just recently
started running some instances,
and I'm not really performing a lot of actions or a P I calls that
might get measured an output into this dashboard.
But you can see it's going to give us our instance count how many managed
instances we have and will discuss those a little bit later on.
Over.
In the instances and nodes section, we can see which am eyes are in place,
Trusted adviser, and then it even shows our compliance for patching.
Now, here at the bottom, we have our ops items.
So based on those rules that we put into place,
our operations team could come in here and they can see Hey,
we have so many unresolved ops items,
and then on the right side we have the severity level that we've classified.
So what's nice is that we can see quickly how many ops
items that we need to take care of now.
There's obviously none here because I have nothing going on within this account.
But this is a very efficient way to see how many unresolved
operational items you need to take care of.
And they even give you this fancy graph down here,
showing you over time the different ops items categories that were reported.
Now, before we wrap up this explore clip,
you'll see that they have a recommended configuration
where we can set up a resource data, sync across regions and accounts.
So let's go ahead.
I'm gonna go in here.
I'm not going to complete it.
But you can see we give it a name.
We can include our accounts.
So if I was in a master organization account,
we would be able to select all accounts in our organization,
or you can select specific organization units from the organization service.
So this allows us to centrally log in,
monitor different ops items in all of the regions,
as you can see here in one location for all of our accounts.
So this is a very powerful tool that's offered to us within systems manager.
Now, when I canceled out here, you'll notice it took me to the settings page.
Now you can see all of the different rules that were
enabled by default S S M ops items,
and then it has the category or service and then the different rules
that are in there and you can see they're all enabled.
So before we wrap up, let's just dig in tow.
One of these issues will do easy to issue,
and you'll see it brings us to event bridge.
So vem bridges a new service within a WS that allows for notifications
or events to trigger whatever resource you need.
Whether it be some type of alerting tool like pager duty or whatever you choose,
we can see our rule details at the top.
We see the event pattern that we're looking for,
and then we have our targets,
which is our ops item that we defined when we were setting this up.
So that's going to do it for digging into explorer within operations management.
Let's go in in here. In the next clip will pick up with Ops Center